Adding Application publishing link to developing-components/publishin… (#1967)
open-wc/open-wc: docs/guides/developing-components/publishing.md

# Developing Components >> Publishing ||60

> Refer for [Application publishing](../../docs/building/rollup.md) guide as it is different from Component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This guide is intended for publishing components, not applications. You can find more information about bundling applications [here](../../docs/building/rollup.md).
```

Author: Good wording, applying
